---
layout: post
title: 5.11 Rush 12 Backpack
categories: gear review
tags: bag
---

The 5.11 Rush 12 is a gateway bag for many of us bag enthusiasts — affordable enough as a first dip in the waters of serious bag addiction and robust enough to count as an "only bag you'll ever need" bag. As you'll see from this review, it's extremely useable and practical, but has a couple of drawbacks that could send you firmly on the quest for your next "only bag". Be warned! This is not a quest to be undertaken lightly.

I've had my Rush 12 a couple of years now. It's been in boats, on hikes in the bush, on computer-based trips out of town and on all sorts of other adventures. It's been soaked in salt water and cleaned off again several times, and not much can survive that.

First impressions of any product tend to start with how it looks, so let's begin there. As you probably already gathered, this is a military-style backpack and although its size and configuration of pockets make it quite practical for business trips it has the obvious downside of being a bit... butch. Especially in any colour other than black. When worn on an average sized person (I'm 5' 6") fully loaded it might also come across as somewhat bulky as much of the capacity is housed in depth rather than height. The two compression straps are not quite enough to counter the bulk effect because they mainly act on the top of the main compartment.

It's comfortable to carry, even with a full load. It can carry just about enough for a lightweight overnighter. I've added a bottle holder and a first aid pouch to the sides, although this does make things a bit wide it's certainly convenient to be able to do. Same goes with adding an admin pouch on the front. Just the right configuration of pockets makes organising gear really easy. Lighter loads often just use pockets, with nothing in the main bag, which is a bit odd. Good thing it has compression straps.

It can be a bit hard to get into at times due to having to get the zip past molle on the rain guard and past flapping compression straps and pouches. The quick access pockets are easy though, and get used a lot. The stretchy pocket inside the main compartment lost one end of the bungy - it came free from the anchor point and snuck out the hole at centre. I sewed it back in.

Overall a very usable bag!
