---
title: "Happy New Year and Updates!"
layout: post
---
So it's been a busy few months, with lots of practical things happening and lots of new pockets to talk about! Some of these things will end up with their own posts in the future, but for now here's a quick update.

## Hovershoes to Electric Unicycle
What's the most practical need in a city in 2020? The ability to get around. Buying hovershoes last year made me think even harder about this problem and how to solve it in the most practival way. I bought an old ute, which is super practical, but I also bought a Kingsong KS14-D which is a small and portable Personal Electric Vehicle. And it's awesome!

## Bags and travel
I went to San Francisco for a bit over a week and bought a whole lot of stuff. Oh, and went to a web conference. So I have lots and lots of new pockets to test, including a whole bunch of Triple Aught Design's new(ish) women's range of clothing and a Peak Design Travel Backpack. The backpack has had two small trips already and is about to undergo a third, fully packed out with adventure travel gear in the most minimal way possible (it needed help from the 5.11 Rush 12).

## Scout pack accessories
I have been waiting for the TAD Foundry stuff to arrive, and most of it is either in use or on the way. I'm finding lots of uses for the GPP1 already and the Transporter Tail is in the post. That one I expect to be a game changer for the FAST Pack Scout.

## Sleep system
Remember how I just mentioned adventure travel? Part of what I'm testing on my upcoming trip is the practicality of a sleep system using several components instead of just a traditional sleeping bag and mat. So far it takes up a lot less space and weight, but will I be warm and comfortable enough to sleep? Stay tuned for more on that.

## Socks
For a while now I've been researching and testing various socks. I am a cold-footed person, and after trying many kinds of merino and other light hiking type socks I have decided that my favourites are from Point6. So far two of their range stand out, and I'm testing a couple more types at the moment. These are comfortable and durable socks so far, so watch this space.

With that I'd like to wish a happy 2020 to all the practical people out there and hope you all have a great year full of satisfying practicality breakthroughs. I can't promise a whole lot more blogging than last year, but we'll see what happens!
